[IMP] surveys: rewrite of create surveys doc for 17 (#8215)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/marketing/surveys/create.rst

entered.

Below the survey name field, is the :guilabel:`Responsible` field. Choose a user from the
drop-down menu to be in charge of the survey. By default, the user who initially created the survey
is selected as the default :guilabel:`Responsible`.

To the right of those fields, and above the tabs, is the option to add a background image,
represented by a :guilabel:`📷 (camera)` icon. When clicked, the option to upload an image becomes
available. This image would be used as the background image for the entire survey. This is **not** a
required option.

Below those fields and options are four tabs: :guilabel:`Questions`, :guilabel:`Options`,
:guilabel:`Description`, and :guilabel:`End Message`.

Questions tab
-------------

View, access, add, and/or delete questions and sections to the survey in the :guilabel:`Questions`
tab.

By default, two columns are present in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab: :guilabel:`Title` (i.e. the
question) and :guilabel:`Question Type`.

If the :guilabel:`Randomized per Section` option is enabled in the :guilabel:`Options` tab of the
survey form, a column titled, :guilabel:`# Questions Randomly Picked` appears in the
:guilabel:`Questions` tab.

> Indicate whether questions require a mandatory answer by clicking the :guilabel:`(slider)` icon to
> the far-right of the column titles. Then, select :guilabel:`Mandatory Answer` from the drop-down
> menu to reveal the :guilabel:`Mandatory Answer` column in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab.

Reviewer: Icon name 
```suggestion
Indicate whether questions require a mandatory answer by clicking the :guilabel:`(optional columns)`
icon to the far-right of the column titles. Then, select :guilabel:`Mandatory Answer` from the
drop-down menu to reveal the :guilabel:`Mandatory Answer` column in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab.
```

.. image:: create/mandatory-answer-dropdown.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The slider drop-down menu with the Mandatory Answer option selected in Odoo Surveys.

Add a question
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a question to a survey, click :guilabel:`Add a question` in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab,

> and proceed to fill out the :guilabel:`Create Sections and Questions` pop-up window that appears.

Reviewer: This is a modal UI element
```suggestion
and proceed to fill out the :guilabel:`Create Sections and Questions` modal that appears.
```

Author: I know this comment was *before* we decided to stick with "pop-up..." for the novice readers...so, I'm going to disregard. Appreciate the suggestion, though 👍

> To learn how to create and customize questions, refer to our documentation on that.

Reviewer: Let's link the documentation we are referencing :)
```suggestion
To learn how to create and customize questions, refer to the :doc:`create questions <time_random>`
documentation.
```

.. important::
   There **must** be a survey title entered in order for the :guilabel:`Create Sections and

>    Questions` pop-up window to appear. If no title is entered ofr the survey, an error pop-up
>    message appears in the upper-right corner, instructing the user to enter a survey title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Questions` modal to appear. If no title is entered for the survey, an error pop-up message
   appears in the upper-right corner, instructing the user to enter a survey title.
```

Author: implementing everything *but* the "modal" suggestion 👍

Add a section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A *section* divides the survey into organized parts, in order to visually group similar questions
together. To make a section, click :guilabel:`Add a section` at the bottom of the
:guilabel:`Questions` tab, proceed to type in a desired name for the section, then either press

> 'Enter' or click away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:kbd:`Enter` or click away.
```
or
```suggestion
`Enter` or click away.
```

The section line appears in dark gray in the :guilabel:`Questions` tab.

Then, drag-and-drop desired questions beneath a section, or drag-and-drop a section title on top of
(i.e. *before*) the desired question(s) in the survey. Doing so populates the section with questions
that align with its theme.

If the :guilabel:`Randomized per Section` option is enabled in the :guilabel:`Options` tab of the
survey form, the number `1` appears, by default, on the section line, beneath the :guilabel:`#
Questions Randomly Picked` column.

This indicates that `1` question from that section will be picked at random for each participant
taking the survey, bypassing every other, non-chosen question from that section. To change that

> number, select that figure, and type in the desired number in its place. Then, either press `Enter`,
> or click away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
number, select that figure, and type in the desired number in its place. Then, either press
:kbd:`Enter`, or click away.
```

.. image:: create/live-session-section-options-tab.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Live Session section of the Options tab on a survey form in Odoo Surveys.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Live Session` section in the :guilabel:`Options` tab of the survey form **only**
   pertains to *Live Session* surveys.

The first option in the :guilabel:`Live Session` section is the :guilabel:`Session Code` field. In
this field, enter a custom code, consisting of letters, numbers, and/or symbols, to be used by
participants in order to access the live session survey.

Next, is the :guilabel:`Session Link` field, which **cannot** be customized, but it *can* be sent
out to potential participants.

.. note::
   If a :guilabel:`Session Code` has been entered, the URL in the :guilabel:`Session Link` field
   ends with that specific :guilabel:`Session Code`.

   If that complete :guilabel:`Session Link` (ending in the custom :guilabel:`Session Code`) is used
   by participants to access the live session survey, that link would *already* be entered for them.
   At that point, they'd simply have to wait until the host of the live session begins the survey,
   and then they'd be able to enter.

>    If the :guilabel:`Session Link` (ending in the custom :guilabel:`Session Code`)  is sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the :guilabel:`Session Link` (ending in the custom :guilabel:`Session Code`) is sent
```

   link (without a configured :guilabel:`Session Code`), all they have to do is wait for the host of
   the live session to begin the survey, and they'd be able to participate.

Lastly, in the :guilabel:`Live Session` section, there is the option to :guilabel:`Reward quick
answers`. If that option is enabled, participants who submit their answer quickly receive more
points.

Description tab
---------------

In this non-required tab, users can enter a custom description about the survey, along with any
explanations or guidance that a survey participant may need in order to properly participate
(and complete) the survey.

End Message tab
---------------

In this non-required tab, users can enter a custom message that participants see upon completing the
survey.

Survey form buttons
===================

Once the survey has been configured properly, and questions have been added, the user can utilize
any of the available buttons in the upper-left corner of the survey form.

.. image:: create/survey-form-buttons.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The various buttons on a survey form in Odoo Surveys.

Those buttons are the following:

> - :guilabel:`Share`: click to reveal a :guilabel:`Share a Survey` pop-up form that can be used to
>   invite potential participants to the survey — complete with a :guilabel:`Survey Link` that can be
>   copied and sent to potential participants, and a :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Share`: click to reveal a :guilabel:`Share a Survey` modal that can be used to invite
  potential participants to the survey — complete with a :guilabel:`Survey Link` that can be copied
  and sent to potential participants, and a :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch.
```

>    .. image:: create/share-survey-popup.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Surveys application.

Reviewer: Align image with bullet point text
```suggestion
  .. image:: create/share-survey-popup.png
     :align: center
     :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Surveys application.
```

  When the :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle is in the 'on' position, indicated by a green switch,
  additional fields appear, in which :guilabel:`Recipients` and a :guilabel:`Subject` can be added
  to the email. Below that, a dynamic email template, complete with a :guilabel:`Start
  Certification` button appears, which can also be modified.

>    .. image:: create/share-survey-popup-email-toggle.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window in Odoo Surveys with the Send by Email toggled on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. image:: create/share-survey-popup-email-toggle.png
     :align: center
     :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window in Odoo Surveys with the Send by Email toggled on.
```

  Once modifications are complete, click :guilabel:`Send` to send that email invite to all the email
  addresses/contacts listed in the :guilabel:`Recepients` field.

> 

Reviewer: No need for an extra line between bullet points of the same level
```suggestion
```

- :guilabel:`See results`: this button **only** appears if there has been at least one participant

>   who has compelted the survey. Clicking :guilabel:`See results` reveals a separate tab containing
>   a visual analysis of the survey questions and resposnes. For more information, check out the
>   documentation we have on that.
> 

Reviewer: Typo and reference doc, and remove extra line
```suggestion
  who has completed the survey. Clicking :guilabel:`See results` reveals a separate tab containing
  a visual analysis of the survey questions and responses. For more information, check out the
  :doc:`scoring surveys <scoring>` documentation.
```

- :guilabel:`Create Live Session`: clicking this button opens the *Session Manager* in a separate
  tab. It also allows participants to access the live session, but the actual survey does **not**
  begin until the user hosting the live session survey clicks the :guilabel:`Start` button on the
  *Session Manager* window.

  Additionally, when :guilabel:`Create Live Session` has been clicked, and the *Session Manager* tab
  has been opened, the :guilabel:`Create Live Session` button on the survey form is replaced with
  two new buttons: :guilabel:`Open Session Manager` and :guilabel:`Close Live Session`.

  Clicking :guilabel:`Open Session Manager` opens another separate tab to the *Session Manager*, and
  clicking :guilabel:`Close Live Session` closes, and subsequently ends, the live session.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- :guilabel:`Test`: clicking this button opens a new tab to a test version of the survey, in order
  for the user to check for errors or inconsistencies, from the point-of-view of a participant.
  Users can tell if they are in a test version of the survey if there is a blue banner at the top of
  the screen, reading: `This is a Test Survey --> Edit Survey`.

  If the link in the blue banner is clicked, Odoo returns the user to the survey form.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- :guilabel:`Print`: clicking this button opens a new tab to a printable version of the survey that
  the user can proceed to print for their records.

- :guilabel:`Close`: clicking this button closes the survey (i.e. archives it), which is represented
  by a red :guilabel:`Archived` banner across the top-right corner of the survey form.

  When this button is clicked, and the survey is closed, a single button appears in the upper-right
  corner of the survey form, titled: :guilabel:`Reopen`. When :guilabel:`Reopen` is clicked the
  survey is reopened (i.e. unarchived), and the :guilabel:`Archived` banner is removed from the

>   survey form.

Reviewer: Suggestion to link to other docs
```suggestion
  survey form.
  
.. seealso::
   - :doc:`time_random`
   - :doc:`scoring`
   
```

   :align: center
   :alt: The various buttons on a survey form in Odoo Surveys.

Those buttons are the following:

- :guilabel:`Share`: click to reveal a :guilabel:`Share a Survey` pop-up form that can be used to
  invite potential participants to the survey — complete with a :guilabel:`Survey Link` that can be
  copied and sent to potential participants, and a :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch.

  .. image:: create/share-survey-popup.png
     :align: center
     :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Surveys application.

  When the :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle is in the 'on' position, indicated by a green switch,
  additional fields appear, in which :guilabel:`Recipients` and a :guilabel:`Subject` can be added
  to the email. Below that, a dynamic email template, complete with a :guilabel:`Start
  Certification` button appears, which can also be modified.

  .. image:: create/share-survey-popup-email-toggle.png
     :align: center
     :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window in Odoo Surveys with the Send by Email toggled on.

  Once modifications are complete, click :guilabel:`Send` to send that email invite to all the email

>   addresses/contacts listed in the :guilabel:`Recepients` field.

Reviewer: Field name typo
```suggestion
  addresses/contacts listed in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field.
```

- :guilabel:`See results`: this button **only** appears if there has been at least one participant
  who has completed the survey. Clicking :guilabel:`See results` reveals a separate tab containing
  a visual analysis of the survey questions and responses. For more information, check out the
  :doc:`scoring surveys <scoring>` documentation.

> 

Reviewer: No need for an extra line between bullet points of the same level
```suggestion
```

  *Session Manager* window.

  Additionally, when :guilabel:`Create Live Session` has been clicked, and the *Session Manager* tab
  has been opened, the :guilabel:`Create Live Session` button on the survey form is replaced with
  two new buttons: :guilabel:`Open Session Manager` and :guilabel:`Close Live Session`.

  Clicking :guilabel:`Open Session Manager` opens another separate tab to the *Session Manager*, and
  clicking :guilabel:`Close Live Session` closes, and subsequently ends, the live session.
- :guilabel:`Test`: clicking this button opens a new tab to a test version of the survey, in order
  for the user to check for errors or inconsistencies, from the point-of-view of a participant.
  Users can tell if they are in a test version of the survey if there is a blue banner at the top of
  the screen, reading: `This is a Test Survey --> Edit Survey`.

  If the link in the blue banner is clicked, Odoo returns the user to the survey form.
- :guilabel:`Print`: clicking this button opens a new tab to a printable version of the survey that
  the user can proceed to print for their records.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---------------

In this non-required tab, users can enter a custom description about the survey, along with any
explanations or guidance that a survey participant may need in order to properly participate
(and complete) the survey.

End Message tab
---------------

In this non-required tab, users can enter a custom message that participants see upon completing the
survey.

Survey form buttons
===================

Once the survey has been configured properly, and questions have been added, the user can utilize
any of the available buttons in the upper-left corner of the survey form.

.. image:: create/survey-form-buttons.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The various buttons on a survey form in Odoo Surveys.

Those buttons are the following:

- :guilabel:`Share`: click to reveal a :guilabel:`Share a Survey` pop-up form that can be used to
  invite potential participants to the survey - complete with a :guilabel:`Survey Link` that can be
  copied and sent to potential participants, and a :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle switch.

   .. image:: create/share-survey-popup.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The 'Share a Survey' pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Surveys application.

>   When the :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle is in the 'on' position, indicated by a green switch,

Reviewer 2: Attempt at brevity, feel free to ignore!
```suggestion
  When the :guilabel:`Send by Email` toggle is 'on' (green switch),
```

  Clicking :guilabel:`Open Session Manager` opens another separate tab to the *Session Manager*, and
  clicking :guilabel:`Close Live Session` closes, and subsequently ends, the live session.

- :guilabel:`Test`: clicking this button opens a new tab to a test version of the survey, in order
  for the user to check for errors or inconsistencies, from the point-of-view of a participant.
  Users can tell if they are in a test version of the survey if there is a blue banner at the top of
  the screen, reading: `This is a Test Survey --> Edit Survey`.

  If the link in the blue banner is clicked, Odoo returns the user to the survey form.

- :guilabel:`Print`: clicking this button opens a new tab to a printable version of the survey that
  the user can proceed to print for their records.

- :guilabel:`Close`: clicking this button closes the survey (i.e. archives it), which is represented
  by a red :guilabel:`Archived` banner across the top-right corner of the survey form.

  When this button is clicked, and the survey is closed, a single button appears in the upper-right
  corner of the survey form, titled: :guilabel:`Reopen`. When :guilabel:`Reopen` is clicked the

>   survey is reopened (i.e. unarchived), and the :guilabel:`Archived` banner is removed from the

Reviewer 2: I don't believe unarchived is a real word, even though it totally makes sense in our corporate setting
```suggestion
  survey is reopened, and the :guilabel:`Archived` banner is removed from the
```
